Feat: Fallback component (#157)
storyblok/storyblok-astro: README.md

> Note: The `blok` is the actual blok data coming from [Storblok's Content Delivery API](https://www.storyblok.com/docs/api/content-delivery/v2?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=storyblok-astro).

#### Using fallback components

> By default, `@storyblok/astro` throws an error if a component is not configured correctly. Setting `enableFallbackComponent` to `true` bypasses that behavior, rendering a fallback component in the frontend instead. You can also use a custom fallback component by (for example) setting `customFallbackComponent: "storyblok/MyCustomFallback"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `@storyblok/astro` throws an error if a component is not implemented. Setting `enableFallbackComponent` to `true` bypasses that behavior, rendering a fallback component in the frontend instead. You can also use a custom fallback component by (for example) setting `customFallbackComponent: "storyblok/MyCustomFallback"`.
```
